Update customize-cypher guide (#411)
neo4j/cypher-builder: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/customize-cypher.adoc

Such a scenario could occur if you:

* Need to embed Cypher strings into existing Cypher queries.

> * Use Cypher Builder within a larger Cypher query that may not use Cypher Builder .

Reviewer: clarifying: can this also be understood as "When using Cypher Builder to generate part of a larger Cypher query?" 

This is not a suggestion for a change, I just wanted to make sure I understood.

Author: This refers to creating a larger query as a string, and using the Cypher Builder for part of it. I'm sure this can be reworded to be clearer

RETURN this0
----

> Note that `$myParam` does not return as a param by `.build()`, as its value has not been defined. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `$myParam` is not returned as a param by `.build()`, as its value has not been defined. 
```

To generate the parameter, pass a value in the same way as normal parameters:

[source, javascript]
----
const movie = new Cypher.Node();
const matchQuery = new Cypher.Match({movie,labels: ["Movie"] })
    .where(movie, { name: new Cypher.NamedParam("myParam", "Keanu Reeves") })
    .return(movie);
----

> The resulting parameters are:

Reviewer: Changing it to plural but the example is still a singular param?

Author: well, it is a single param, but there could be more :thinking:

Reviewer: I suggest either the example includes multiple parameters or you leave it as singular instead of plural.

Author: I made a small change here to make it clearer
